the main one is at this age could our
educational progress there are a lot of
concerns that can emerge about a child
socially another worried parents have is
that on the plus side the child's more
confident as a better use of language
more independent but the downside the
child begins to use all of this Sarge
this new awareness about herself in ways
that you might not like for example
starts to flex her muscles she starts to
be cheeky to you to answer by she's not
as cooperative as before because it
doesn't suit her at this time she's got
her own mind to make up and she's
decided she'll do what you want but she
won't do it the time you want
as a parent Department and colleges to
accept that that's then developing as an
individual and you kind of just try and
nurture them along the path of where
you'd like them to go but in that they
give them the freedom to make their own
decisions so this can be a quite quite a
challenge and quite a warning for
parents of it is a lovely wee boy I had
before what's happened to him where has
he gone but he's exact same child she
was before
he's just older and you have to adapt as
well as your child adapting that's part
of the growth process but it really can
be quite a wonder when you see that
happen
it's learning that as a parent you have
to realize that actually they are
individuals we know that but of course
you know it comes it happens very
quickly and you have to kind of treat
them slightly differently acknowledge
that your child's growing up and the
rules may have to change a little what
worked for a five-year-old doesn't work
for a nine-year-old you've got to bend
and be flexible as your child grows
older your role as a parent still
remains exact same to guide support
knowledge and recurring machine but
you're dealing with a child now that's
got greater ideas midst of some choice
needs to be allowed to express their
ideas more and needs to be listened to
and that requires some adaptation as
well
you