what does a second grade fluent reader
look like at this age fluency means
reading smoothly with a little
expression and at a speed that doesn't
get in the way of understanding what
they read at the edge of the sidewalk
beside an old Tire a yellow daffodil
grew and reached out to gently touch its
soft petals you are beautiful and said
it's a shame you have to live here all
alone it might sound smooth but but
checking for understanding is still
important so do we know what a daffodil
is I'm guessing a flower who are the
characters
an okay and where where is she she's at
the lot in Carson Street so is your
second grader On Track by years's end a
kid who reads fluently can read smoothly
can read with expression and can read at
a natural speed that doesn't get in the
way of understanding