so what does second grade writing look
like right about now second graders are
getting the hang of writing a simple
essay in this case about how to save
water a second grade essay has a title
lots of ways to save water and a simple
introductory
sentence if you want to learn how to
save water read this book there are lots
of ways to save water it also has
several examples that support the topic
in this case about how to save water one
way is to help your mom and dad fix
leaky faucets the second way is to use a
bucket to wash the C not a h the Third
Way is to take shorter showers and
finally a concluding sentence that tells
why saving water is important everyone
needs water
and notice that only some of the
spelling capitalization and Punctuation
is correct that's okay they're still
working on it so how do you know your
child's writing is up to Snuff well by
the end of the year a second grader's
writing will have a title and an
introductory sentence examples that
support the topic a concluding sentence
and some correct spelling capitalization
and punctuation