what does a second grader who has great
understanding look like at this point
kids are comfortable answering questions
about what they've read and they can
point to evidence a sentence or a
picture to show you how they know the
answer it was Soul's 8th birthday like
every birthday before he was going to
ask his parents if he could have a pet
but like every birthday before Soul's
parents would give him the same reason
why he couldn't why would he want a
monkey oh actually it's an orangutang
because it could clean up his stuff in
his room what are the words that show
you and A Rang tank has long arms and it
could help you clean up your room how do
you know if your child understands what
they're reading well come summer second
graders can show understanding by
answering questions about a book and by
pointing to evidence of the
answer