unfamiliar words are getting a bit
trickier in second grade but second
graders are getting trickier too by the
end of the year they will be figuring
out the meaning of words in different
ways we saw lots of elephant dung so
what does dung mean and we can look for
it in the
glossery using the glossery is one way
so what if there wasn't a glossery
though what could you do to figure out
that word d you can keep on reading
another way is to keep reading did you
notice another word that looked
different mhm which one was that and
endangered so what do you think
endangered means there's not a lot of
them cuz
um
endangered and and there there's
injured dangered if you put the D in
front of it dangered second graders know
a lot about breaking down a word into
parts and can use that to figure out its
meaning so is your child building
vocabulary skills by the end of the year
second graders are learning more complex
vocabulary and can use several
strategies to learn the meaning of those
new words